pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "About Us"
permalink: /about/
---

**Vision:** Our vision is to be the leading inclusive community teaching data and coding skills.

**Mission:** The Carpentries builds global capacity in essential data and computational skills for conducting efficient, open, and reproducible research. We train and foster an active, inclusive, diverse community of learners and instructors that promotes and models the importance of software and data in research. We collaboratively develop openly-available lessons and deliver these lessons using evidence-based teaching practices. We focus on people conducting and supporting research.

Here you will find a range of useful information about our work. For more information on all things Carpentries, see [The Carpentries Handbook](https://docs.carpentries.org/) and for a summary of our impact and operations, see our [Annual Report](https://carpentries.org/files/assessment/TheCarpentries2018AnnualReport.pdf).

* [About The Carpentries](#about-the-carpentries)   
* [How is The Carpentries Managed?](#how-is-the-carpentries-managed)   
* [How is The Carpentries Funded?](#how-is-the-carpentries-funded)   
* [What Information is Where?](#what-information-is-where)   
* [What is a Carpentries Workshop?](/workshops)   
* [Join Us!](#join-us)   
* [Referencing The Carpentries](#referencing-the-carpentries)   
* [The Carpentries in the Literature](#the-carpentries-in-the-literature)   

#### About The Carpentries

The Carpentries project comprises the <a href="https://software-carpentry.org/">Software Carpentry</a>, <a href="http://www.datacarpentry.org/">Data Carpentry</a>, and <a href="https://librarycarpentry.org/">Library Carpentry</a> communities of Instructors, Trainers, Maintainers, helpers, and supporters who share a mission to teach foundational computational and data science skills to researchers. 

The Carpentries subscribes to a shared <a href="http://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html">Code of Conduct</a>. In January, 2018, Software Carpentry and Data Carpentry merged their projects to form <strong>The Carpentries</strong>. On November 1, 2018, The Carpentries Executive Council approved Library Carpentry as the third official Lesson Program of The Carpentries. The following two blog posts provide further background:  <i><a href="https://software-carpentry.org/blog/2017/09/merger.html">Joint future for Software Carpentry and Data Carpentry</a></i> and <i><a href="https://carpentries.org/blog/2018/11/welcoming-library-carpentry/">Library Carpentry is now officially a Lesson Program!</a></i>. Visit the individual <a href="https://software-carpentry.org/">Software Carpentry</a>, <a href="http://www.datacarpentry.org/">Data Carpentry</a>, and <a href="https://librarycarpentry.org/">Library Carpentry</a> web sites for more detailed project histories.

#### How is The Carpentries Managed?

The Carpentries is a fiscally sponsored project of <a href="http://communityin.org/">Community Initiatives</a>, 
a registered 501(c)3 non-profit based in California, USA. Tracy Teal is the Executive Director, and governance of the merged Carpentries is undertaken 
by an <a href="{{site.url}}/governance">Executive Council</a> which comprises 
four community-elected members and five appointed members drawn from 
The Carpentries community.

#### How is The Carpentries Funded?

We now have more than 70 [member organisations]({{site.url}}/members/) in 10 countries. Collectively these [memberships]({{site.url}}/membership/) generate 58.8% of our revenue. Workshop fees bring in 18.6% of our annual revenue, and grants and donations account for 22.4% of revenue. These income streams support the work of our [team]({{site.url}}/team/).

You can donate to The Carpentries <a href="https://carpentries.wedid.it/">through this portal</a>.

#### What Information is Where?

What is common across The Carpentries - the Code of Conduct, assessment, governance, instructor training, our privacy policy - will be found through this site, while specific Lesson Program material, will remain on the individual [Software Carpentry](https://software-carpentry.org/), [Data Carpentry](http://www.datacarpentry.org/), and <a href="https://librarycarpentry.org/">Library Carpentry</a> sites. We will increasingly post on The Carpentries [blog]({{site.url}}/blog/), rather than to individual Carpentries blog sites, and we will tweet
through our [Carpentries Twitter](https://twitter.com/thecarpentries) account. 

  
#### Join Us!
            
Organisations are encouraged to <a href="{{site.url}}/membership/">join us as contributing members to support the work we do.</a> We 
welcome <a href="{{site.url}}/volunteer/">new people</a> to our community. We have 
<a href="{{site.url}}/volunteer/">many ways to engage</a>, including The Carpentries <a href="https://twitter.com/thecarpentries">Twitter</a> feed, our <a href="https://swc-slack-invite.herokuapp.com/">Slack</a> channel, 
subscribing to <em>Carpentry Clippings</em>, our twice-monthly <a href="http://eepurl.com/cfODMH">newsletter</a>, (<a href="https://us14.campaign-archive.com/home/?u=46d7513c798c6bd41e5f58f4a&id=50c3e6d6fe">see older issues</a>), following our [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/carpentries/) page, 
and by joining some of our <a href="https://carpentries.topicbox.com/groupss">email lists</a>. 

We announce a lot of what we do via our Twitter feed. [Follow us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/thecarpentries). 

You can also follow the [Software Carpentry](https://twitter.com/swcarpentry), [Data Carpentry](https://twitter.com/datacarpentry), and [Library Carpentry](https://twitter.com/LibCarpentry) Twitter feeds. 

#### Referencing The Carpentries

The Carpentries, while sounding plural, is a singular entity. Therefore, when referring to The Carpentries, verbs should also be singular, e.g. *'The Carpentries is ...'*. The correct title for the merged organisation is **The Carpentries**. However, you can use terminology such as *'A Carpentries workshop ...'*. We have a draft [Style Guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10KutjajR-5RJfPAF8UQlxzcd8tx4PNFXH0acDFD2dBs/edit) to help you.

We appreciate being mentioned in the acknowledgments sections of papers, theses, and proposals, as it helps us show current and potential funders what impact we are having. If you would like to acknowledge The Carpentries, please use wording like this:

> We were aided in this work by the training and other support offered by The Carpentries [1].    
> [1] The Carpentries https://carpentries.org

#### The Carpentries in the Literature

Software Carpentry, Data Carpentry, and Library Carpentry have been featured in many publications, and some members of The Carpentries community have written materials about our workshops, our history, and our impact. See our <a href="{{site.url}}/citations/">citations</a> page for a list. Comprehensive reports about our impact can be found in our <a href="{{site.url}}/assessment/">assessment</a> section. 

Do you know about other works that should be listed here? If so, please email <a href="mailto:{{site.contact}}">{{site.contact}}</a> to let us know.

Commit message:

link to the strategic plan from the about page.

pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "About Us"
permalink: /about/
---

**Vision:** Our vision is to be the leading inclusive community teaching data and coding skills.

**Mission:** The Carpentries builds global capacity in essential data and computational skills for conducting efficient, open, and reproducible research. We train and foster an active, inclusive, diverse community of learners and instructors that promotes and models the importance of software and data in research. We collaboratively develop openly-available lessons and deliver these lessons using evidence-based teaching practices. We focus on people conducting and supporting research.

Here you will find a range of useful information about our work. For more information on all things Carpentries, see [The Carpentries Handbook](https://docs.carpentries.org/) and for a summary of our impact and operations, see our [Annual Report](https://carpentries.org/files/assessment/TheCarpentries2018AnnualReport.pdf).

* [About The Carpentries](#about-the-carpentries)   
* [How is The Carpentries Managed?](#how-is-the-carpentries-managed)   
* [How is The Carpentries Funded?](#how-is-the-carpentries-funded)   
* [What Information is Where?](#what-information-is-where)   
* [What is a Carpentries Workshop?](/workshops)   
* [Join Us!](#join-us)   
* [Referencing The Carpentries](#referencing-the-carpentries)   
* [The Carpentries in the Literature](#the-carpentries-in-the-literature)   

#### About The Carpentries

The Carpentries project comprises the <a href="https://software-carpentry.org/">Software Carpentry</a>, <a href="http://www.datacarpentry.org/">Data Carpentry</a>, and <a href="https://librarycarpentry.org/">Library Carpentry</a> communities of Instructors, Trainers, Maintainers, helpers, and supporters who share a mission to teach foundational computational and data science skills to researchers. 

The Carpentries subscribes to a shared <a href="http://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html">Code of Conduct</a>. In January, 2018, Software Carpentry and Data Carpentry merged their projects to form <strong>The Carpentries</strong>. On November 1, 2018, The Carpentries Executive Council approved Library Carpentry as the third official Lesson Program of The Carpentries. The following two blog posts provide further background:  <i><a href="https://software-carpentry.org/blog/2017/09/merger.html">Joint future for Software Carpentry and Data Carpentry</a></i> and <i><a href="https://carpentries.org/blog/2018/11/welcoming-library-carpentry/">Library Carpentry is now officially a Lesson Program!</a></i>. Visit the individual <a href="https://software-carpentry.org/">Software Carpentry</a>, <a href="http://www.datacarpentry.org/">Data Carpentry</a>, and <a href="https://librarycarpentry.org/">Library Carpentry</a> web sites for more detailed project histories.

[The Carpentries Strategic Plan](https://carpentries.org/strategic-plan) was developed by the Core Team and approved by the Executive Council in January 2020.

#### How is The Carpentries Managed?

The Carpentries is a fiscally sponsored project of <a href="http://communityin.org/">Community Initiatives</a>, 
a registered 501(c)3 non-profit based in California, USA. Tracy Teal is the Executive Director, and governance of the merged Carpentries is undertaken 
by an <a href="{{site.url}}/governance">Executive Council</a> which comprises 
four community-elected members and five appointed members drawn from 
The Carpentries community.

#### How is The Carpentries Funded?

We now have more than 70 [member organisations]({{site.url}}/members/) in 10 countries. Collectively these [memberships]({{site.url}}/membership/) generate 58.8% of our revenue. Workshop fees bring in 18.6% of our annual revenue, and grants and donations account for 22.4% of revenue. These income streams support the work of our [team]({{site.url}}/team/).

You can donate to The Carpentries <a href="https://carpentries.wedid.it/">through this portal</a>.

#### What Information is Where?

What is common across The Carpentries - the Code of Conduct, assessment, governance, instructor training, our privacy policy - will be found through this site, while specific Lesson Program material, will remain on the individual [Software Carpentry](https://software-carpentry.org/), [Data Carpentry](http://www.datacarpentry.org/), and <a href="https://librarycarpentry.org/">Library Carpentry</a> sites. We will increasingly post on The Carpentries [blog]({{site.url}}/blog/), rather than to individual Carpentries blog sites, and we will tweet
through our [Carpentries Twitter](https://twitter.com/thecarpentries) account. 

  
#### Join Us!
            
Organisations are encouraged to <a href="{{site.url}}/membership/">join us as contributing members to support the work we do.</a> We 
welcome <a href="{{site.url}}/volunteer/">new people</a> to our community. We have 
<a href="{{site.url}}/volunteer/">many ways to engage</a>, including The Carpentries <a href="https://twitter.com/thecarpentries">Twitter</a> feed, our <a href="https://swc-slack-invite.herokuapp.com/">Slack</a> channel, 
subscribing to <em>Carpentry Clippings</em>, our twice-monthly <a href="http://eepurl.com/cfODMH">newsletter</a>, (<a href="https://us14.campaign-archive.com/home/?u=46d7513c798c6bd41e5f58f4a&id=50c3e6d6fe">see older issues</a>), following our [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/carpentries/) page, 
and by joining some of our <a href="https://carpentries.topicbox.com/groupss">email lists</a>. 

We announce a lot of what we do via our Twitter feed. [Follow us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/thecarpentries). 

You can also follow the [Software Carpentry](https://twitter.com/swcarpentry), [Data Carpentry](https://twitter.com/datacarpentry), and [Library Carpentry](https://twitter.com/LibCarpentry) Twitter feeds. 

#### Referencing The Carpentries

The Carpentries, while sounding plural, is a singular entity. Therefore, when referring to The Carpentries, verbs should also be singular, e.g. *'The Carpentries is ...'*. The correct title for the merged organisation is **The Carpentries**. However, you can use terminology such as *'A Carpentries workshop ...'*. We have a draft [Style Guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10KutjajR-5RJfPAF8UQlxzcd8tx4PNFXH0acDFD2dBs/edit) to help you.

We appreciate being mentioned in the acknowledgments sections of papers, theses, and proposals, as it helps us show current and potential funders what impact we are having. If you would like to acknowledge The Carpentries, please use wording like this:

> We were aided in this work by the training and other support offered by The Carpentries [1].    
> [1] The Carpentries https://carpentries.org

#### The Carpentries in the Literature

Software Carpentry, Data Carpentry, and Library Carpentry have been featured in many publications, and some members of The Carpentries community have written materials about our workshops, our history, and our impact. See our <a href="{{site.url}}/citations/">citations</a> page for a list. Comprehensive reports about our impact can be found in our <a href="{{site.url}}/assessment/">assessment</a> section. 

Do you know about other works that should be listed here? If so, please email <a href="mailto:{{site.contact}}">{{site.contact}}</a> to let us know.
