pages/coc-ctte.md, before:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "The Carpentries Code of Conduct Committee"
permalink: /coc-ctte/
excerpt: The Code of Conduct committee was established to enforce the Code, and to manage any changes and updates to it.
---

The Carpentries is dedicated to developing and empowering a diverse community of enthusiasts around computational methods 
for research and data science. To facilitate this, The Carpentries has established a [Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html) that governs 
behaviour within the community. The Code of Conduct committee was established to enforce the Code, and to manage any changes and updates to it.

_Our Goal:_    
To maintain, update and enforce The Carpentries Code of Conduct (CoC).

_Our Approach:_    
We do this by conducting meetings where we review current CoC issues. If a CoC violation is reported to us, we process that by following the Enforcement Manual.

_Our Structure:_    
We have meetings as needed, and we have a private email list where code of conduct issues are discussed. We also have a private GitHub repo for internal discussion and organisation.

_Our Leadership:_    
The structure of the committee is such that a community member is the Chair of the Committee. In addition, a  staff member of The Carpentries is part of the committee as a staff liaison, and a member of the Executive Council (EC) is part of the committee as an EC liaison.

_Contacting the Committee:_     
Please email your concerns to [coc@carpentries.org](mailto:coc@carpentries.org). All correspondence will be treated in confidence.

#### Current Committee Members

[**Samantha Ahern**](https://github.com/quirksahern) is a member of the Digital Education team at University College London (UCL) in the UK. Her time is split between learning analytics and learning design projects. She is a qualified teacher (PGCE Secondary ICT) and Fellow of the HEA, has earned BSc(Hons) Computer Science and MSc Intelligent Systems degrees plus PGDip IT in Education. She has benefited from The Carpentries training, is a Carpentries Instructor and helps organise workshops at UCL. Samantha is committed to inclusive and accessible education for all, her motivation for participation in the CoC committee is to ensure that we are an inclusive community and that our learning materials and environments are as accessible as possible to all.

[**Karin Lagesen**](https://github.com/karinlag) is the current Chair of this Committee. She is a bioinformatician working at the Norwegian Veterinary Institute. Her time is spent building pipelines, teaching people how to analyze their data, and finding new and better ways of using bioinformatics for microbial surveillance. She was part of the Software Carpentry Steering Committee for three years, and is also an instructor trainer. Karin is part of this committee because she believes it is very important to ensure that The Carpentries is a safe and inclusive community. 

[**Francois Michonneau**](https://github.com/fmichonneau) is the Director of Technology for The Carpentries, and serves as the [core team](https://carpentries.org/team/) liaison to the Code of Conduct Committee.

[**Konrad Förstner**](https://github.com/konrad) is the [Executive Council](https://carpentries.org/governance/) liaison to the Code of Conduct Committee.

[**Malvika Sharan**](https://github.com/malvikasharan) is a computational biologist at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Germany. She is a Community Outreach Coordinator of EMBL Bio-IT project and works closely with ELIXIR Germany (de.NBI) with her training and community engagement activities. She became a Trainer with The Carpentries in 2015 while carrying out her Ph.D. research in bioinformatics. She hosts and teaches at multiple workshops in Europe. She engages with The Carpentries community by contributing to the mentoring program, instructor discussions and CarpentryCon+Connect Taskforce. She co-chaired the first CarpentryCon and counts it as one of the most rewarding experiences of her life! Her motivation for participating in The Carpentries CoC stems from her passion for promoting inclusiveness and accessibility in science.

[**Karen Cranston**](https://github.com/kcranston) is a computational evolutionary biologist working as an independent contractor from a farm in Ottawa, Canada. She has been involved with the Carpentries for many years, first as a Software Carpentry instructor, then as a founding board member of Data Carpentry, an instructor trainer, a member of The Carpentries merger commitee, and Chair of the first Executive Council of The Carpentries. Karen is the Executive Council liaison for the Committee. 

[**Ivo Arrey**](https://github.com/arreyves) is currently pursuing his PhD in Hydrology at the University of Venda, South Africa. He is also part of The Carpentries community at Memorial University, St John's where he is a visiting scholar. His research interests include understanding and predicting hydrological fluxes in the subsurface by combining observations with models, associated tools and approaches. He has been involved with The Carpentries since 2016 by teaching and helping in a number of workshops and taking part in other community discussion forums. Ivo was also part of the inaugural CarpentryCon organizing committee and is a strong proponent for a safe and inclusive community. 

[**Benjamin Schwessinger**](https://github.com/BenjaminSchwessinger) is biologist and independent group leader at the Australian National University where he focuses on studying the intricate biology of rust fungi. Benjamin is a long time advocate for open science and has been a member of eLife’s early career advisory group with a focus on “Reproducibility for Everyone” events. Benjamin has been involved actively with The Carpentries since 2018 mainly as trainer and learning aiming to transfer carpentries principles into the undergraduate curriculum. Equity and inclusive have been close to Benjamin's early teens taking part in pro-asylum seekers and anti-facist actions. Next to The Carpentries CoC, he is also the chair of his departmental Equity & Diversity committee.

Commit message:

CoC: update position holders and link governance document

pages/coc-ctte.md, after:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "The Carpentries Code of Conduct Committee"
permalink: /coc-ctte/
excerpt: The Code of Conduct committee was established to enforce the Code, and to manage any changes and updates to it.
---

The Carpentries is dedicated to developing and empowering a diverse community of enthusiasts around computational methods 
for research and data science. To facilitate this, The Carpentries has established a [Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html) that governs 
behaviour within the community. The Code of Conduct committee was established to enforce the Code, and to manage any changes and updates to it.

_Our Goal:_    
To maintain, update and enforce The Carpentries Code of Conduct (CoC).

_Our Approach:_    
We do this by conducting meetings where we review current CoC issues. If a CoC violation is reported to us, we process that by following the Enforcement Manual.

_Our Structure:_    
We have meetings as needed, and we have a private email list where code of conduct issues are discussed. We also have a private GitHub repo for internal discussion and organisation.

_Our Leadership:_    
The structure of the committee is such that a community member is the Chair of the Committee. In addition, a  staff member of The Carpentries is part of the committee as a staff liaison, and a member of the Executive Council (EC) is part of the committee as an EC liaison.

_Contacting the Committee:_     
Please email your concerns to [coc@carpentries.org](mailto:coc@carpentries.org). All correspondence will be treated in confidence.

_Our Governance Structure:_ Please see the [Code of Conduct Committee Governance document](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/coc-governance.html) to find details on membership, onboarding, administration, positions, roles and responsibilities.

#### Current Committee Members

[**Malvika Sharan**](https://github.com/malvikasharan) is the Incident Response Chair of the committee. She is the co-founder of Open Life Science and Community Manager of _The Turing Way_ project. She became a Trainer with The Carpentries in 2015 while carrying out her Ph.D. research in bioinformatics. She hosts and teaches at multiple workshops in Europe. She engages with The Carpentries community by contributing to the mentoring program, instructor discussions and CarpentryCon+Connect Taskforce. She co-chaired the first CarpentryCon and counts it as one of the most rewarding experiences! Her motivation for participating in The Carpentries CoC stems from her passion for promoting inclusiveness and accessibility in science.

[**Karen Cranston**](https://github.com/kcranston) is the Governance Chair of the committee. She is a computational evolutionary biologist working as an independent contractor from a farm in Ottawa, Canada. She has been involved with the Carpentries for many years, first as a Software Carpentry instructor, then as a founding board member of Data Carpentry, an instructor trainer, a member of The Carpentries merger commitee, and Chair of the first Executive Council of The Carpentries. Karen is the Executive Council liaison for the Committee. 

[**Francois Michonneau**](https://github.com/fmichonneau) is the Director of Technology for The Carpentries, and serves as the [core team](https://carpentries.org/team/) liaison to the Code of Conduct Committee.

[**Konrad Förstner**](https://github.com/konrad) is the [Executive Council](https://carpentries.org/governance/) liaison to the Code of Conduct Committee.

[**Karin Lagesen**](https://github.com/karinlag) is a bioinformatician working at the Norwegian Veterinary Institute. Her time is spent building pipelines, teaching people how to analyze their data, and finding new and better ways of using bioinformatics for microbial surveillance. She was the chair of the CoC committee for 2 years, member of the Software Carpentry Steering Committee for three years, and is also an instructor trainer. Karin is part of this committee because she believes it is very important to ensure that The Carpentries is a safe and inclusive community. 

[**Samantha Ahern**](https://github.com/quirksahern) is a member of the Digital Education team at University College London (UCL) in the UK. Her time is split between learning analytics and learning design projects. She is a qualified teacher (PGCE Secondary ICT) and Fellow of the HEA, has earned BSc(Hons) Computer Science and MSc Intelligent Systems degrees plus PGDip IT in Education. She has benefited from The Carpentries training, is a Carpentries Instructor and helps organise workshops at UCL. Samantha is committed to inclusive and accessible education for all, her motivation for participation in the CoC committee is to ensure that we are an inclusive community and that our learning materials and environments are as accessible as possible to all.

[**Ivo Arrey**](https://github.com/arreyves) is currently pursuing his PhD in Hydrology at the University of Venda, South Africa. He is also part of The Carpentries community at Memorial University, St John's where he is a visiting scholar. His research interests include understanding and predicting hydrological fluxes in the subsurface by combining observations with models, associated tools and approaches. He has been involved with The Carpentries since 2016 by teaching and helping in a number of workshops and taking part in other community discussion forums. Ivo was also part of the inaugural CarpentryCon organizing committee and is a strong proponent for a safe and inclusive community. 

[**Benjamin Schwessinger**](https://github.com/BenjaminSchwessinger) is biologist and independent group leader at the Australian National University where he focuses on studying the intricate biology of rust fungi. Benjamin is a long time advocate for open science and has been a member of eLife’s early career advisory group with a focus on “Reproducibility for Everyone” events. Benjamin has been involved actively with The Carpentries since 2018 mainly as trainer and learning aiming to transfer carpentries principles into the undergraduate curriculum. Equity and inclusive have been close to Benjamin's early teens taking part in pro-asylum seekers and anti-facist actions. Next to The Carpentries CoC, he is also the chair of his departmental Equity & Diversity committee.
