pages/involved_lessons.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Development of Lessons"
permalink: "/involved-lessons/"
---

## Suggest an improvement to an existing lesson

The Carpentries lessons are collaboratively developed - anyone can contribute and we receive contributions daily.
All of our lessons are on GitHub and [creating an account][join-github] is required to contribute directly to the lessons. To fix a typo,
correct an
error, clarify an example, or otherwise suggest an improvement to an existing lesson, you can file an issue on the lesson's GitHub
repository. For typo fixes and error corrections, pull requests are also welcome! For suggestions, and to propose large-scale changes,
please start a conversation through an issue rather than putting in a pull request. This gives the lesson Maintainers and the rest of the
community an opportunity to discuss the suggestion before you've done all of the work. If you're not familiar with GitHub, you can
also submit a comment or question through one of our [communication channels][comms].

For more details on the workflow of how to contribute via GitHub, see this community contributed [tutorial][git-tutorial].

## Contribute to Lessons in The Carpentries Incubator

Any lesson that uses The Carpentries [lesson template][lesson-template], follows our [Code of Conduct][coc], and is licensed either [CC-BY][cc-by] or [CC-0][cc-0] can be hosted in [The Carpentries Incubator](https://carpentries-incubator.org/). You can learn more about The Carpentries approach to curriculum development in our [Curriculum Development Handbook][cdh].

The goal of The Carpentries Incubator is to be a place for Carpentries community members to share resources in early stages of development. The [Community Developed Lessons][community-lessons] page lists all lessons currently hosted in The Carpentries Incubator. People already familiar with The Carpentries teaching practices can pick them up and teach them in meetups, in class, or in complement of a ["standard" Carpentries 2-day workshop](/workshops/#workshop-core). The lessons can also be used by independent learners, outside of workshops.  Read more about how to contribute to these lessons in [The Carpentries Incubator Proposals Repository on GitHub](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/proposals#readme).

In the near future, we will also provide a friendly, community-supported, peer-review process for lessons.
After the peer-review process, the lessons will be hosted in [The Carpentries Lab][carpentries-lab] and will be officially endorsed
by The Carpentries as high-quality resources. At this time, we are not accepting lesson submissions to The Carpentries Lab. If you
are interested in having a lesson reviewed for inclusion in The Lab, please submit it first to The Incubator through our
[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/proposals#readme).


[git-tutorial]: https://github.com/dmgt/swc_github_flow/blob/master/for_novice_contributors.md
[incubator]: https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/proposals/blob/master/README.md
[join-github]: https://github.com/join
[cc-0]: https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/public-domain/cc0/
[cc-by]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[cdh]: https://cdh.carpentries.org/
[carpentries-lab]: https://github.com/carpentrieslab/proposals
[coc]: https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html#code-of-conduct-summary-view
[comms]: https://carpentries.org/connect/
[community-lessons]: https://carpentries.org/community-lessons/
[issues]: https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/proposals/issues
[lesson-template]: https://github.com/carpentries/styles

Commit message:

Link to Help Wanted page

pages/involved_lessons.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Development of Lessons"
permalink: "/involved-lessons/"
---

## Suggest an improvement to an existing lesson

The Carpentries lessons are collaboratively developed - anyone can contribute and we receive contributions daily.
All of our lessons are on GitHub and [creating an account][join-github] is required to contribute directly to the lessons. To fix a typo,
correct an
error, clarify an example, or otherwise suggest an improvement to an existing lesson, you can file an issue on the lesson's GitHub
repository. For typo fixes and error corrections, pull requests are also welcome!
If you are looking for a place to start contributing to our lessons, [the Help Wanted page](/help-wanted-issues/) is a good place to start.
It provides a list of existing issues that are looking for help from the community.
For suggestions, and to propose large-scale changes,
please start a conversation through an issue rather than putting in a pull request. This gives the lesson Maintainers and the rest of the
community an opportunity to discuss the suggestion before you've done all of the work. If you're not familiar with GitHub, you can
also submit a comment or question through one of our [communication channels][comms].

For more details on the workflow of how to contribute via GitHub, see this community contributed [tutorial][git-tutorial].

## Contribute to Lessons in The Carpentries Incubator

Any lesson that uses The Carpentries [lesson template][lesson-template], follows our [Code of Conduct][coc], and is licensed either [CC-BY][cc-by] or [CC-0][cc-0] can be hosted in [The Carpentries Incubator](https://carpentries-incubator.org/). You can learn more about The Carpentries approach to curriculum development in our [Curriculum Development Handbook][cdh].

The goal of The Carpentries Incubator is to be a place for Carpentries community members to share resources in early stages of development. The [Community Developed Lessons][community-lessons] page lists all lessons currently hosted in The Carpentries Incubator. People already familiar with The Carpentries teaching practices can pick them up and teach them in meetups, in class, or in complement of a ["standard" Carpentries 2-day workshop](/workshops/#workshop-core). The lessons can also be used by independent learners, outside of workshops.  Read more about how to contribute to these lessons in [The Carpentries Incubator Proposals Repository on GitHub](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/proposals#readme).

In the near future, we will also provide a friendly, community-supported, peer-review process for lessons.
After the peer-review process, the lessons will be hosted in [The Carpentries Lab][carpentries-lab] and will be officially endorsed
by The Carpentries as high-quality resources. At this time, we are not accepting lesson submissions to The Carpentries Lab. If you
are interested in having a lesson reviewed for inclusion in The Lab, please submit it first to The Incubator through our
[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/proposals#readme).


[git-tutorial]: https://github.com/dmgt/swc_github_flow/blob/master/for_novice_contributors.md
[incubator]: https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/proposals/blob/master/README.md
[join-github]: https://github.com/join
[cc-0]: https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/public-domain/cc0/
[cc-by]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[cdh]: https://cdh.carpentries.org/
[carpentries-lab]: https://github.com/carpentrieslab/proposals
[coc]: https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html#code-of-conduct-summary-view
[comms]: https://carpentries.org/connect/
[community-lessons]: https://carpentries.org/community-lessons/
[issues]: https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/proposals/issues
[lesson-template]: https://github.com/carpentries/styles
