pages/supporters.md, before:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Our Supporters"
permalink: "/supporters/"
---

We are grateful to our supporters who help us reach the [mission and vision](../about/) of The Carpentries. These include our [Member Organisations](../members/) and those who sponsor [workshops](../workshops/) as well as grants and donations. We are in a position to create positive change in the data and software communities and our supporters help us in this endeavor.

We aim to be transparent in our sources of revenue and how they align with our vision and values, and funding must support existing priorities. Towards this aim we share our sources of grants and donations and the work they are funding. 

[CarpentryCon](https://carpentrycon.org/) and CarpentryConnect sponsors and donations are shared on their individual websites.

We consistently work to keep this page up to date, but if you are aware of sources of funding that are not listed please [let us know](mailto:team@carpentries.org).

### Grants

- [Alfred P. Sloan Foundation](https://sloan.org/) for [scaling collaborative curriculum development for data skills training](https://datacarpentry.org/blog/2018/02/curriculum-dev-scaling). A grant from the Sloan Foundation was awarded in February, 2018 has allowed us to create general infrastructure, guidelines and pathways for community engagement to establish open source lesson development as a practice and enable scalable, collaborative data training. Curriculum developed through this grant will include economics, image analysis and chemistry.

- [Alfred P. Sloan Foundation](https://sloan.org/) for events for community development and leadership. A grant from the Sloan Foundation was awarded in August, 2019 and is supporting in-person meetings of The Carpentries community to advance strategic planning, community building and leadership, skills sharing, and plans for reaching new communities. This includes the meeting of the Executive Council for strategic planning and support for the organization of CarpentryCon 2020.

- [California Digital Library (CDL)](https://cdlib.org/) Through a grant and then supplemental support from the [Institute of Museum and Library Services](https://www.imls.gov/) in September, 2019, [CDL is providing support](https://carpentries.org/blog/2019/09/LibraryCarpentry-IMLS-supplement/) to The Carpentries for workshops and instructor training, and a membership scholarship program to reach new library communities and consortiums in the United States.

- [Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI)](https://chanzuckerberg.com/) Grants from CZI, [awarded in partnership with the Moore Foundation](https://carpentries.org/blog/2019/11/czi-moore-grant/) in November 2019, are supporting two sets of activities - "Scaling and sustaining The Carpentries Trainer Development program" and "CarpentriesLabs: A platform for community creation, sharing and dissemination of open source curriculum". This is a part of their [commitment to open science](https://chanzuckerberg.com/science/). We share a commitment to people, technology, collaboration and open science in our values.

- [Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation](https://www.moore.org/) A grant from the Moore Foundation, [awarded in partnership with CZI](https://carpentries.org/blog/2019/11/czi-moore-grant/) in November 2019, are supporting "Building and supporting community to develop capacity for data and software skills training". This is a part of their [Data Driven Discovery program](https://www.moore.org/initiative-strategy-detail?initiativeId=data-driven-discovery) supporting the people and programs who innovate around data-driven discovery.

- [R Consortium](https://www.r-consortium.org/) A grant from the R Consortium awarded by their [Infrastructure Steering Committee](https://www.r-consortium.org/projects/awarded-projects) has supported work developing tools and templates for teaching materials. This has supported work on the lesson development template and related infrastructure. 

- The Carpentries are included in many grants to support workshops, Memberships and lesson development that individual institutions or consortium apply for. We do not have, nor are likely to be able to maintain, a complete list of these grants. If you do want to share your funding sources for Carpentries work, please [get in touch](mailto:team@carpentries.org).


### Donations

- [RStudio](https://rstudio.com/) RStudio donated $10,000 in August, 2019 to The Carpentries organisation general fund to support our shared mission of bringing more people to coding communities.

- Several individuals donate to The Carpentries general fund. We did not initially ask for permission to publish their names here, so are in the process of creating this list.

### In Kind Support

- [Amazon AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) Amazon AWS provides educational credits that we can use to run workshops on cloud computing services, particularly the Data Carpentry Genomics workshop.
- [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/) DigitalOcean is providing credits for two servers that we use to generate our workshop reports and learner certificates.
- [Rackspace](https://www.rackspace.com/) Rackspace has provided server and cloud credits to support our web architecture.


### Additional Supporters

- [United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)]() We have a collaborative agreement with the USDA to support
instructor training and training for data and software skills throughout the USDA.
- [Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory]() We have an agreement with the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory to support instructor training and training for data and software skills in their community.

Commit message:

list Mozilla Open Source Support program in supporters page

pages/supporters.md, after:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Our Supporters"
permalink: "/supporters/"
---

We are grateful to our supporters who help us reach the [mission and vision](../about/) of The Carpentries. These include our [Member Organisations](../members/) and those who sponsor [workshops](../workshops/) as well as grants and donations. We are in a position to create positive change in the data and software communities and our supporters help us in this endeavour.

We aim to be transparent in our sources of revenue and how they align with our vision and values, and funding must support existing priorities. Towards this aim we share our sources of grants and donations and the work they are funding. 

[CarpentryCon](https://carpentrycon.org/) and CarpentryConnect sponsors and donations are shared on their individual websites.

We consistently work to keep this page up to date, but if you are aware of sources of funding that are not listed please [let us know](mailto:team@carpentries.org).

### Grants

- [Alfred P. Sloan Foundation](https://sloan.org/) for [scaling collaborative curriculum development for data skills training](https://datacarpentry.org/blog/2018/02/curriculum-dev-scaling). A grant from the Sloan Foundation was awarded in February, 2018 has allowed us to create general infrastructure, guidelines and pathways for community engagement to establish open source lesson development as a practice and enable scalable, collaborative data training. Curriculum developed through this grant will include economics, image analysis and chemistry.

- [Alfred P. Sloan Foundation](https://sloan.org/) for events for community development and leadership. A grant from the Sloan Foundation was awarded in August, 2019 and is supporting in-person meetings of The Carpentries community to advance strategic planning, community building and leadership, skills sharing, and plans for reaching new communities. This includes the meeting of the Executive Council for strategic planning and support for the organization of CarpentryCon 2020.

- [California Digital Library (CDL)](https://cdlib.org/) Through a grant and then supplemental support from the [Institute of Museum and Library Services](https://www.imls.gov/) in September, 2019, [CDL is providing support](https://carpentries.org/blog/2019/09/LibraryCarpentry-IMLS-supplement/) to The Carpentries for workshops and instructor training, and a membership scholarship program to reach new library communities and consortiums in the United States.

- [Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI)](https://chanzuckerberg.com/) Grants from CZI, [awarded in partnership with the Moore Foundation](https://carpentries.org/blog/2019/11/czi-moore-grant/) in November 2019, are supporting two sets of activities - "Scaling and sustaining The Carpentries Trainer Development program" and "CarpentriesLabs: A platform for community creation, sharing and dissemination of open source curriculum". This is a part of their [commitment to open science](https://chanzuckerberg.com/science/). We share a commitment to people, technology, collaboration and open science in our values.

- [Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation](https://www.moore.org/) A grant from the Moore Foundation, [awarded in partnership with CZI](https://carpentries.org/blog/2019/11/czi-moore-grant/) in November 2019, are supporting "Building and supporting community to develop capacity for data and software skills training". This is a part of their [Data Driven Discovery program](https://www.moore.org/initiative-strategy-detail?initiativeId=data-driven-discovery) supporting the people and programs who innovate around data-driven discovery.

- [Mozilla Open Source Support (MOSS) program](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/moss/). Each year, MOSS gives out about $2M USD in funding to open source projects that help broaden access, increase security and empower users. In December 2019, The Carpentries was awarded $30,316 USD in the form of a core support grant by MOSS program. This grant [will help advance our Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility work](https://carpentries.org/blog/2020/02/mozilla-grant-announcement) in The Carpentries.

- [R Consortium](https://www.r-consortium.org/) A grant from the R Consortium awarded by their [Infrastructure Steering Committee](https://www.r-consortium.org/projects/awarded-projects) has supported work developing tools and templates for teaching materials. This has supported work on the lesson development template and related infrastructure. 

- The Carpentries are included in many grants to support workshops, Memberships and lesson development that individual institutions or consortium apply for. We do not have, nor are likely to be able to maintain, a complete list of these grants. If you do want to share your funding sources for Carpentries work, please [get in touch](mailto:team@carpentries.org).


### Donations

- [RStudio](https://rstudio.com/) RStudio donated $10,000 in August, 2019 to The Carpentries organisation general fund to support our shared mission of bringing more people to coding communities.

- Several individuals donate to The Carpentries general fund. We did not initially ask for permission to publish their names here, so are in the process of creating this list.

### In Kind Support

- [Amazon AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) Amazon AWS provides educational credits that we can use to run workshops on cloud computing services, particularly the Data Carpentry Genomics workshop.
- [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/) DigitalOcean is providing credits for two servers that we use to generate our workshop reports and learner certificates.
- [Rackspace](https://www.rackspace.com/) Rackspace has provided server and cloud credits to support our web architecture.


### Additional Supporters

- [United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)]() We have a collaborative agreement with the USDA to support
instructor training and training for data and software skills throughout the USDA.
- [Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory]() We have an agreement with the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory to support instructor training and training for data and software skills in their community.
